notic :-
quality of code :-
1- try to upgrade laravel from 7 to 8 and its dependency.
2- error_log file put it in storage , it exist in the root path and in the public folder
3- try to avoid writing css rules in the blade. write it in css file and attach it to blade file.
4- try to write the localization works or messages ( arabic and english ) in the localization file that exist in laravel.
5- according to psr standard varaible names should be snike case so ( $PaidInvoices to be $paid_invoices ) => it will be better.
6- instead of useing this <?php $i = 1 ?> try using this @php $i = 1 @endphp in the blade file.
7- in table name , it will be better if you name it snake case and plural like cart_courses insted of cartcourse.
8- remove the any useless code like this table and it migration cartcourse
9- in all your migration files exist relationship but missing to use database constraint.
10- in lesson table , i see question from 1 to 10 with its answer, i think it will be null values if you have lesson with 8 question . or if you need to add another question to
be 11 you need to change this table thats mean, this concept is ( open close princaple ).
11- column name should be snake case is_free instead of isFree.
12- i think notificationHelper and notificationsHelper is the same.
13- you can put the autherization tokens in the env file. => it will be better.
14- becareful , when using view composer becuase all the shared varaible will be executed in all routes. it will make alot of query to database.
15- methods name should be camel case , like cart_use should be cartUse.
16- calse should be class , avoid spilling error in classes or domain names.
17- class name should be Pascal case like ContactUs instead of Contact_us.
18- write complete name not shourtage like this f_response or snum.
19- try using passport or sanctum to generate user tokens.
20- avoid using auth middleware in constructor use it in routes and you can group routes and putit in this group to avoid miss add this middleware in any controller.
21- in store and update method , try to put the validation to form request , to reduce the controller responabilty.
22- in AboutUs controller in update method , dd($request->all()); remove this , and remove the show method.
23- instead of fetch rows and iterate to them to delete item one by one , try to delete them in one query like this Model::where('name', $name)->delete();
24- in edit , update , delete , you can use model binding to make the controller recieve model object instead of id and making query to find the item.
25- addFile method duplcated , put it in shared class or helper class or method .
26- try to remove the inline comments the exist between lines.
27- in cart controller , inside this class , it prepare html to send it to view , try to put this in blade file and read it view(path)->render() and send this string to the view that needed to reciceve this html
28- file called commentController but it hold trait called comment

advice :-
- try to use try catch to avoid any un expected result to the user.
